README.md, before:

# gominer

## Installation

You need to have the OpenCL and CUDA development libraries
installed. You only need the runtime and drives for the one you plan
on running (CUDA for nvidia, OpenCL for anything) To download and
build gominer, run:

```
go get -u github.com/Masterminds/glide
mkdir -p $GOPATH/src/github.com/decred
cd $GOPATH/src/github.com/decred
git clone  https://github.com/decred/gominer.git
cd gominer
glide i
go install $(glide nv)
```

On Ubuntu 16.04 you can install the necessary OpenCL packages (for
Intel Graphics cards) and CUDA libraries with:

```
sudo apt-get install beignet-dev nvidia-cuda-dev nvidia-cuda-toolkit
```

Other graphics cards will need different libraries.  We have built
successfully on Ubuntu 16.04 with go1.6.2, g++ 5.4.0 and
beignet-dev 1.1.1-2 although other combinations should work as well.

## Running

Run for benchmark:

```
gominer -B
```

Run for real mining:

```
gominer -u myusername -P hunter2
```

To mine on a pool:

```
gominer -o stratum+tcp://pool:port -m username -n password
```

Commit message:

Use build flags to only build cuda or opencl versions of gominer.
-tags 'opencl' or -tags 'cuda'

Add type (cuda or opencl) to version string.

Fixes #83

README.md, after:

# gominer

## Installation

You need to have the OpenCL or CUDA development libraries
installed (depending on which version of gominer you would like to
build) . You also need the runtime and drives for the one you plan
on running (CUDA for nvidia, OpenCL for anything) To download and
build gominer, run:

```
go get -u github.com/Masterminds/glide
mkdir -p $GOPATH/src/github.com/decred
cd $GOPATH/src/github.com/decred
git clone  https://github.com/decred/gominer.git
cd gominer
glide i
```

for opencl:
```
go install -tags 'opencl'
```

for cuda:
```
make
go install -tags 'cuda'
```

On Ubuntu 16.04 you can install the necessary OpenCL packages (for
Intel Graphics cards) and CUDA libraries with:

```
sudo apt-get install beignet-dev nvidia-cuda-dev nvidia-cuda-toolkit
```

Other graphics cards will need different libraries.  We have built
successfully on Ubuntu 16.04 with go1.6.2, go1.7.1, g++ 5.4.0 and
beignet-dev 1.1.1-2 although other combinations should work as well.

## Running

Run for benchmark:

```
gominer -B
```

Run for real mining:

```
gominer -u myusername -P hunter2
```

To mine on a pool:

```
gominer -o stratum+tcp://pool:port -m username -n password
```
